README: Add Communication section with Forum information (#790)
ansible-collections/community.crypto: README.md

Please note that this collection does **not** support Windows targets.

## Communication

* Join the Ansible forum:
  * [Get Help](https://forum.ansible.com/c/help/6): get help or help others.

>   * [Posts tagged with 'your tag'](https://forum.ansible.com/tag/YOUR_TAG): subscribe to participate in collection-related conversations.
>   * [Refer to your forum group here if exists](https://forum.ansible.com/g/): by joining the team you will automatically get subscribed to the posts tagged with [your group forum tag here](https://forum.ansible.com/tags).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [Posts tagged with 'crypto'](https://forum.ansible.com/tag/crypto): subscribe to participate in cryptography related conversations.
  * [Posts tagged with 'acme'](https://forum.ansible.com/tag/acme): subscribe to participate in ACME (RFC 8555) related conversations.
```
